the ball story began during the siege
the peak of the black mountain during the second war
between the people of lorderon and the old orcs
hordes lord alexandros mograine
leader of the order of the silver dan
discovered a powerful artifact in ruddy
dark orcs sorcerer black magic
crystal
the crystal was a living embodiment of darkness
so powerful that it is one
touching him with the hand of Alexander
dead and even all the power of the magicians of light
was able to heal him
knight secretly kept artifact in
hope someday to draw it
power to the light when the lash began
your invasion of alexandros orders
told about his discovery to other leaders
silver gnamme
gathered in the south coast and convinced them
try a cleansing ritual
crystal
the crystal swallowed it
intense charge of magic light and changed
its essence becoming the embodiment
the purest light
there healed a hand could for making of
crystal against mograine
went to steelforge
the king of the dwarves magni bronzebeard
who forged the legendary sword injecting
him all his anger caused by death
his brother Muradin in nordskol fault
Artas name Ashbringer was given
the ball by alexander himself mcrae for long
years of Alexander with unprecedented fury
fought against the undead with this sword
often changing the course of the battle alone
but it could not go on forever
eldest son mograine to reno influenced
the demon was Nazar lured his father and his
air advisers air trap lash
Holm countries
and killed him with the ashfall that fell out of
hands alexander aspen after this heifer
ass turned lord a grain of knight
of death
the ball was defiled and the soul of Alexander
communication to china internal
the youngest son mograine is gifted
joined the knights of silver
dawn hope to save dad's soul
I went to the fortress whip mandate Ramos
where won over the riders of death
and took possession of the asheater
obeying his father's voice coming from
swords
Darren came Karina
after which the insurgent spirit of Alexander
executed his killer during an attack
armies of the whip led by kill
turrets on the last hope chapel
darion mograine sacrificed himself for
heads shis Ashbringer and freed
his father's soul and energy ball for
destroying the hordes of the undead but his
befell the fate of his father Mutusite drew him
death knight after betrayal knights
death of arthas
darion mograine rummaged ashes
supreme lord of tyrion fordring